docs/v1/packages.rst, before:

v1/packages
===========

.. http:get:: /v1/packages

    List all packages. No pagination is provided in this version.

    :reqheader Authorization: Bearer token

    :resheader Content-Type: application/json
    :resjson uuid bag_id: bag's id
    :resjson string user: Owning user's username
    :resjson enum content_type: The content type of the object.
    :resjson string external_id: The package's id in its external service
    :resjson url upload_link: Rsync link client should use to upload package
    :resjson filepath storage_location: The location of the package on disk. This
      field is only shown to admins.
    :resjson boolean stored: Whether the package has been stored for preservation.
    :resjson date created_at: Datetime when the object was created
    :resjson date updated_at: Datetime when the object was last changed

    :statuscode 200: Success
    :statuscode 401: Unauthenticated

.. http:get:: /v1/packages/(uuid:bag_id)

    Show a specific package.

    :reqheader Authorization: Bearer token
    :parameter uuid bag_id: Bag's id

    :resheader Content-Type: application/json
    :resjson uuid bag_id: bag's id
    :resjson string user: Owning user's username
    :resjson enum content_type: The content type of the object.
    :resjson string external_id: The package's id in its external service
    :resjson url upload_link: Rsync link client should use to upload package
    :resjson filepath storage_location: The location of the package on disk. This
      field is only shown to admins.
    :resjson boolean stored: Whether the package has been stored for preservation.
    :resjson array files: The list of files in the package.
    :resjson date created_at: Datetime when the object was created
    :resjson date updated_at: Datetime when the object was last changed

    :statuscode 200: Success
    :statuscode 401: Unauthenticated
    :statuscode 403: User does not own the resource, and is not an admin.
    :statuscode 404: Not found

.. http:get:: /v1/packages/(uuid:bag_id)/events

    List all events for the given package. No pagination is provided in this version.

    :reqheader Authorization: Bearer token
    :parameter uuid bag_id: package's id

    :resheader Content-Type: application/json
    :resjsonarr int id: The event's id
    :resjsonarr string type: The event's type.
    :resjsonarr string executor: The user's username
    :resjsonarr string outcome: The result of the invent, whether it succeeded
      or failed.
    :resjsonarr string detail: Detailed information about the event.
    :resjsonarr date date: When the event was created

    :statuscode 200: Success
    :statuscode 401: Unauthenticated
    :statuscode 403: User does not own the resource, and is not an admin.
    :statuscode 404: Not found

.. http:get:: /v1/packages/(uuid:bag_id)/(string:file)

    Download a file from a package

    :reqheader Authorization: Bearer token
    :parameter uuid bag_id: package's id
    :parameter string file: Relative path to a file in the package

    :resheader X-Sendfile:

    :statuscode 200: Success
    :statuscode 401: Unauthenticated
    :statuscode 403: User does not own the resource, and is not an admin.
    :statuscode 404: Not found

Commit message:

Resolves PFDR-133
* Add /v1/packages/<uuid>/download route
* Add PackagesController#send_package
* Document v1/packages/<uuid>/download
* Add zip_tricks gem
* Add stdlib extension Pathname#type in an initializer,
  and provide a test for the functionality.
* General modifications to ChipmunkBag:
** Removed ChipmunkBag::BagFile, preferring Pathnames. The missing
   functionality is covered by the Pathname extension.
* Ensure PackagesController#sendfile is fully tested

  This commit greatly simplifies the tests for this functionality by
  removing a number of mocks. These mocks were hiding errors and/or
  bypassing functionality under test.

This endpoint sends the entire package, including metadata, i.e. not
just the data files. The tests for this do no offer 100% coverage, but should be
reasonable effective for detecting regressions. I have verified the
functaionlity by hand in a Webrick session.

docs/v1/packages.rst, after:

v1/packages
===========

.. http:get:: /v1/packages

    List all packages. No pagination is provided in this version.

    :reqheader Authorization: Bearer token

    :resheader Content-Type: application/json
    :resjson uuid bag_id: bag's id
    :resjson string user: Owning user's username
    :resjson enum content_type: The content type of the object.
    :resjson string external_id: The package's id in its external service
    :resjson url upload_link: Rsync link client should use to upload package
    :resjson filepath storage_location: The location of the package on disk. This
      field is only shown to admins.
    :resjson boolean stored: Whether the package has been stored for preservation.
    :resjson date created_at: Datetime when the object was created
    :resjson date updated_at: Datetime when the object was last changed

    :statuscode 200: Success
    :statuscode 401: Unauthenticated

.. http:get:: /v1/packages/(uuid:bag_id)

    Show a specific package.

    :reqheader Authorization: Bearer token
    :parameter uuid bag_id: Bag's id

    :resheader Content-Type: application/json
    :resjson uuid bag_id: bag's id
    :resjson string user: Owning user's username
    :resjson enum content_type: The content type of the object.
    :resjson string external_id: The package's id in its external service
    :resjson url upload_link: Rsync link client should use to upload package
    :resjson filepath storage_location: The location of the package on disk. This
      field is only shown to admins.
    :resjson boolean stored: Whether the package has been stored for preservation.
    :resjson array files: The list of files in the package.
    :resjson date created_at: Datetime when the object was created
    :resjson date updated_at: Datetime when the object was last changed

    :statuscode 200: Success
    :statuscode 401: Unauthenticated
    :statuscode 403: User does not own the resource, and is not an admin.
    :statuscode 404: Not found

.. http:get:: /v1/packages/(uuid:bag_id)/events

    List all events for the given package. No pagination is provided in this version.

    :reqheader Authorization: Bearer token
    :parameter uuid bag_id: package's id

    :resheader Content-Type: application/json
    :resjsonarr int id: The event's id
    :resjsonarr string type: The event's type.
    :resjsonarr string executor: The user's username
    :resjsonarr string outcome: The result of the invent, whether it succeeded
      or failed.
    :resjsonarr string detail: Detailed information about the event.
    :resjsonarr date date: When the event was created

    :statuscode 200: Success
    :statuscode 401: Unauthenticated
    :statuscode 403: User does not own the resource, and is not an admin.
    :statuscode 404: Not found

.. http:get:: /v1/packages/(uuid:bag_id)/(string:file)

    Download a file from a package

    :reqheader Authorization: Bearer token
    :parameter uuid bag_id: package's id
    :parameter string file: Relative path to a file in the package

    :resheader X-Sendfile:

    :statuscode 204: No Content (success)
    :statuscode 401: Unauthenticated
    :statuscode 403: User does not own the resource, and is not an admin.
    :statuscode 404: Not found, or the packge has not yet been stored.

.. http:get:: /v1/packages/(uuid:bag_id)/download

    Download an entire package, including all metadata files stored alongside
    the data. The downloaded file will be a zip file.

    :reqheader Authorization: Bearer token
    :parameter uuid bag_id: package's id

    :resheader X-Sendfile:

    :statuscode 204: No Content (success)
    :statuscode 401: Unauthenticated
    :statuscode 403: User does not own the resource, and is not an admin.
    :statuscode 404: Not found, or the packge has not yet been stored.
